docs: add CDN optimization as possible hydration error cause (#52489)
vercel/next.js: errors/react-hydration-error.mdx

4. [Browser extensions](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/24430) modifying the HTML
5. Incorrectly configured [CSS-in-JS libraries](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/styling/css-in-js)
   1. Ensure your code is following [our official examples](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples)

> 6. CDNs modifying the HTML before serving your app, for example, Cloudflare's "Auto Minify"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Incorrectly configuring Edge or CDN, for example, Cloudflare [Auto Minify](https://developers.cloudflare.com/speed/optimization/content/auto-minify/)
```

> 6. Incorrectly configuring Edge or CDN, for example, Cloudflare [Auto Minify](https://developers.cloudflare.com/speed/optimization/content/auto-minify/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Incorrectly configured Edge/CDN that attempts to modify the html response, such as Cloudflare [Auto Minify](https://developers.cloudflare.com/speed/optimization/content/auto-minify/)
```
